== README

# _Blog de Code Review_

##### This app allows you to, as the administrator, to create blog posts with tags and images.

#### By _**Carlo De Gregorio**_

## Description

_Users can:_

* _ As an administrator, I want to be able to add, edit and delete posts.
* _ As an administrator, I want to be able to add, edit and delete tags for each post.
* _ As a visiting user, I want to be able to see a list of all post titles on the homepage.
* _ As a visiting user, I want to be able to see a list of all tags on the homepage.
* _ As a visiting user, I want to be able to click each post to see the content and details of the post.
* _ As a visiting user, I want to be able to click a tag and see a list of posts that have that tag.
_
* _ _
* _ _


## Technology Used
* _Ruby_
* _Ruby on Rails_
* _JavaScript_
* _JQuery_
* _Capybara_
* _Rspec_
* _ActiveRecord_


Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version 4.2.4

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.


### Legal

Copyright (c) 2015 **_Carlo De Gregorio_**

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
